1. Create a simple rate limiter middleware
Problem: Implement a middleware that limits each IP to 5 requests per minute.

→ Tests logic, middleware knowledge, and object handling.

2. Implement a custom event emitter
Problem: Write a class that mimics Node.js's EventEmitter. It should have:

on(event, callback)

emit(event, data)

off(event, callback)

→ Great test of logic and understanding of events in Node.

3. Build a simple in-memory cache
Problem: Implement a function set(key, value, ttl) and get(key) which:

Stores data in memory.

Removes the key automatically after ttl milliseconds.

→ Tests timers, closures, and object manipulation.

4. Write a function to flatten a deeply nested object
js
Copy
Edit
const obj = {
  a: 1,
  b: { c: 2, d: { e: 3 } }
};
Expected Output:

js
Copy
Edit
{
  "a": 1,
  "b.c": 2,
  "b.d.e": 3
}
→ Tests recursion, object handling, real-world transformation logic.

5. Create a file watcher using Node.js
Problem: Watch a folder and log whenever a file is added, modified, or deleted.

→ Use fs.watch or fs.watchFile.

6. Build a JSON log writer
Problem: Implement a logger function that:

Writes logs to a file logs.json.

Appends logs in proper JSON format.

Rotates logs after they reach 5MB.

→ Tests file system, streams, and logic for real apps.

7. Async Retry Logic
Write a function retry(fn, retries) that will:

Retry fn (a function returning a promise) up to retries times if it fails.

→ Tests async logic, promises, and retry patterns.

8. Simple JWT Authentication Middleware
Problem: Create a middleware that:

Reads a JWT from the Authorization header.

Verifies it using jsonwebtoken.

Attaches the decoded user to req.user.

→ Tests Express, async error handling, JWT logic.

9. Request Batching
Problem: Write a function that collects multiple requests for a resource within a short time window (say 100ms) and processes them in a batch.

→ Tests timers, closures, async handling, and efficient API design.

10. Concurrency Control (Queueing System)
Problem: Design a simple task queue that:

Processes up to n tasks in parallel.

Queues remaining ones.

When one completes, pulls from the queue.

→ Tests understanding of parallelism and control flow.

